I was sought by those who did not ask
I was sought by those who did not ask for me I was found by those who did not
for me I was found by those who did not
for me I was found by those who did not seek me I said Here I am Here I am to a
seek me I said Here I am Here I am to a
seek me I said Here I am Here I am to a nation that was not called by my name I
nation that was not called by my name I
nation that was not called by my name I have stretched out my hands all day long
have stretched out my hands all day long
have stretched out my hands all day long to a rebellious people who walk in a way
to a rebellious people who walk in a way
to a rebellious people who walk in a way that is not good according to their own
that is not good according to their own
that is not good according to their own thoughts a people who provoke me to
thoughts a people who provoke me to
thoughts a people who provoke me to anger continually to my face who
anger continually to my face who
anger continually to my face who sacrifice in gardens and burn incense on
sacrifice in gardens and burn incense on
sacrifice in gardens and burn incense on altars of brick who sit among the graves
altars of brick who sit among the graves
altars of brick who sit among the graves and spend the night in the tombs who eat
and spend the night in the tombs who eat
and spend the night in the tombs who eat swine's flesh and the broth of
swine's flesh and the broth of
swine's flesh and the broth of abominable things is in their vessels
abominable things is in their vessels
abominable things is in their vessels who say keep to yourself do not come
who say keep to yourself do not come
who say keep to yourself do not come near me for I am holy other than you
near me for I am holy other than you
near me for I am holy other than you these are smoke in my nostrils a fire
these are smoke in my nostrils a fire
these are smoke in my nostrils a fire that burns all the day behold it is
that burns all the day behold it is
that burns all the day behold it is written before me I will not keep
written before me I will not keep
written before me I will not keep silence
silence
silence but will repay even repay into their
but will repay even repay into their
but will repay even repay into their bosom your iniquities and the iniquities
bosom your iniquities and the iniquities
bosom your iniquities and the iniquities of your fathers together who have burned
of your fathers together who have burned
of your fathers together who have burned incense on the mountains and blaspheme
incense on the mountains and blaspheme
incense on the mountains and blaspheme me on the hills therefore I will measure
me on the hills therefore I will measure
me on the hills therefore I will measure their former work into their bosom thus
their former work into their bosom thus
their former work into their bosom thus says the Lord as the new wine is found
says the Lord as the new wine is found
says the Lord as the new wine is found in the cluster and one says do not
in the cluster and one says do not
in the cluster and one says do not destroy it for a blessing is in it so
destroy it for a blessing is in it so
destroy it for a blessing is in it so will I do for my servants sake that I
will I do for my servants sake that I
will I do for my servants sake that I may not destroy them all
may not destroy them all
may not destroy them all I will bring forth descendants from
I will bring forth descendants from
I will bring forth descendants from Jacob and from Judah an heir of my
Jacob and from Judah an heir of my
Jacob and from Judah an heir of my mountains my elect shall inherit it and
mountains my elect shall inherit it and
mountains my elect shall inherit it and my servants shall dwell there
my servants shall dwell there
my servants shall dwell there Sharon shall be a fold of flocks and the
Sharon shall be a fold of flocks and the
Sharon shall be a fold of flocks and the valley of Achor a place for herds to lie
valley of Achor a place for herds to lie
valley of Achor a place for herds to lie down for my people who have sought me
down for my people who have sought me
down for my people who have sought me but you are those who forsake the Lord
but you are those who forsake the Lord
but you are those who forsake the Lord who forget my holy mountain who prepare
who forget my holy mountain who prepare
who forget my holy mountain who prepare a table for GAD and who furnish a drink
a table for GAD and who furnish a drink
a table for GAD and who furnish a drink offering for money
offering for money
offering for money therefore I will number you for the
therefore I will number you for the
therefore I will number you for the sword and you shall all bow down to the
sword and you shall all bow down to the
sword and you shall all bow down to the slaughter because when I called you did
slaughter because when I called you did
slaughter because when I called you did not answer when I spoke you did not hear
not answer when I spoke you did not hear
not answer when I spoke you did not hear but did evil before my eyes and chose
but did evil before my eyes and chose
but did evil before my eyes and chose that in which I do not delight therefore
that in which I do not delight therefore
that in which I do not delight therefore thus says the Lord God behold my
thus says the Lord God behold my
thus says the Lord God behold my servants shall eat but you shall be
servants shall eat but you shall be
servants shall eat but you shall be hungry behold my servants shall drink
hungry behold my servants shall drink
hungry behold my servants shall drink but you shall be thirsty behold my
but you shall be thirsty behold my
but you shall be thirsty behold my servants shall rejoice but you shall be
servants shall rejoice but you shall be
servants shall rejoice but you shall be ashamed behold my servants shall sing
ashamed behold my servants shall sing
ashamed behold my servants shall sing for joy of heart but you shall cry for
for joy of heart but you shall cry for
for joy of heart but you shall cry for sorrow of heart and wail for grief of
sorrow of heart and wail for grief of
sorrow of heart and wail for grief of spirit you shall leave your name as a
spirit you shall leave your name as a
spirit you shall leave your name as a curse to my chosen for the Lord God will
curse to my chosen for the Lord God will
curse to my chosen for the Lord God will slay you and call his servants by
slay you and call his servants by
slay you and call his servants by another name so that he who blesses
another name so that he who blesses
another name so that he who blesses himself in the earth shall bless himself
himself in the earth shall bless himself
himself in the earth shall bless himself in the god of truth and he who swears in
in the god of truth and he who swears in
in the god of truth and he who swears in the earth shall swear by the God of
the earth shall swear by the God of
the earth shall swear by the God of truth because the former troubles are
truth because the former troubles are
truth because the former troubles are forgotten and because they are hidden
forgotten and because they are hidden
forgotten and because they are hidden from my eyes for behold I create new
from my eyes for behold I create new
from my eyes for behold I create new heavens and a new earth and the former
heavens and a new earth and the former
heavens and a new earth and the former shall not be remembered or come to mind
shall not be remembered or come to mind
shall not be remembered or come to mind but be glad and rejoice forever in what
but be glad and rejoice forever in what
but be glad and rejoice forever in what I create for behold I create Jerusalem
I create for behold I create Jerusalem
I create for behold I create Jerusalem as a rejoicing
as a rejoicing
as a rejoicing and her people a joy I will rejoice in
and her people a joy I will rejoice in
and her people a joy I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people the voice
Jerusalem and joy in my people the voice
Jerusalem and joy in my people the voice of weeping shall no longer be heard in
of weeping shall no longer be heard in
of weeping shall no longer be heard in her nor the voice of cry no more shall
her nor the voice of cry no more shall
her nor the voice of cry no more shall an infant from there live but a few days
an infant from there live but a few days
an infant from there live but a few days nor an old man who was not fulfilled his
nor an old man who was not fulfilled his
nor an old man who was not fulfilled his days for the child shall die one hundred
days for the child shall die one hundred
days for the child shall die one hundred years old but the sinner being one
years old but the sinner being one
years old but the sinner being one hundred years old
hundred years old
hundred years old shall be accursed they shall build
shall be accursed they shall build
shall be accursed they shall build houses and inhabit them they shall plant
houses and inhabit them they shall plant
houses and inhabit them they shall plant vineyards and eat their fruit they shall
vineyards and eat their fruit they shall
vineyards and eat their fruit they shall not build and another inhabit they shall
not build and another inhabit they shall
not build and another inhabit they shall not plant and another eat for as the
not plant and another eat for as the
not plant and another eat for as the days of the tree so shall be the days of
days of the tree so shall be the days of
days of the tree so shall be the days of my people and my elect shall long enjoy
my people and my elect shall long enjoy
my people and my elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands they shall not
the work of their hands they shall not
the work of their hands they shall not labour in vain nor bring forth children
labour in vain nor bring forth children
labour in vain nor bring forth children for trouble for they shall be the
for trouble for they shall be the
for trouble for they shall be the descendants of the blessed of the Lord
descendants of the blessed of the Lord
descendants of the blessed of the Lord and their offspring with them it shall
and their offspring with them it shall
and their offspring with them it shall come to pass but before they call I will
come to pass but before they call I will
come to pass but before they call I will answer and while they are still speaking
answer and while they are still speaking
answer and while they are still speaking I will heal the wolf and the lamb shall
I will heal the wolf and the lamb shall
I will heal the wolf and the lamb shall feed together the lion shall eat straw
feed together the lion shall eat straw
feed together the lion shall eat straw like the Ox and thus shall be the
like the Ox and thus shall be the
like the Ox and thus shall be the Serpent's food they shall not hurt nor
Serpent's food they shall not hurt nor
Serpent's food they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy man
destroy in all my holy man
destroy in all my holy man you